# Editorial Guidelines

1. Phrase your question as a question. Simply listing a topic ("Scope in JavaScript") isn't a question. The purpose of this repository is to provide questions an interviewer can ask a candidate during an interview. Phrase the question from that perspective. 
2. Focus on adding a single, good question. Adding six or seven random questions about different topics isn't adding the same value that one good question adds. A simple true/false question won't tell you nearly as much as a question that will lead to 10-15 minutes of discussion.
3. Avoid "trivia" type questions. Asking about specific properties or methods is not high value since interviewees can easily drill lists of properties and methods to the point where they can answer a trivia question about them. They may know nothing about their actual usage, however.  We all work in a connected world where those lists are available within seconds using a basic search. Whether or not someone knows the signature for `Array.prototype.reduce` off the top of their head is meaningless. They might use it all the time and know the answer off the top of their head or they might never have used it. Again, aim to generate conversation and discussion. 
4. Please double-check your grammar for your preferred language. The English-language versions should prefer idiomatic, American English (e.g., _will_ vs. _shall_, _color_ vs. _colour_.) This isn't to imply that one is better than the other, we simply have to choose one and stick with it. If ypou're working on a translation please add a note to this document indicating your intended standard. 
5. The questions should read as if they are written with one voice. Please familarize yourself with the existing questions to helo guide your style.  
